Clarify timestamp field in the case of retransmission (#133)
Haivision/srt-rfc: draft-sharabayko-srt.md

: The timestamp of the packet, in microseconds.
  The value is relative to the time the SRT connection was established.
  Depending on the transmission mode ({{data-transmission-modes}}),

>   the field stores the packet send time or the packet origin time. 
>   In the case of a retransmission this is the original packet timestamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the field stores the packet send time (when TSBPD is disabled) or the packet origin time (TSBPD enabled). 
  In the case of a retransmission when TSBPD is enabled the original packet timestamp is used.
```
